feat(icon-service): add icon service topic (#5822)
IgniteUI/igniteui-docfx: en/components/icon-service.md

```ts
// The `setIconRef` sets an icon reference in the icon map,
// assuming material and fa-solid have been added as families,
iconService.setIconRef('home', 'my-family', { family: 'material', name: 'home' });
iconService.setIconRef('home-alt', 'my-family', { family: 'fa-solid', name: 'home' });
iconService.setIconRef('car', 'my-family', { family: 'fa-solid', name: 'car' });
```

Later in markup:

```html
<igx-icon family="my-family" name="home"></igx-icon>
<igx-icon family="my-family" name="home-alt"></igx-icon>
<igx-icon family="my-family" name="car"></igx-icon>
```

## Icon Retrieval
It is possible to get an icon for a given `family` and icon `name` in order to read the original icon `type`, `name`, `family`, and `className`.

```ts
const { family, className, name, type } = iconService.getIcon('my-family', 'car');

console.log(family); // -> 'fa-solid'
console.log(className); // -> 'fas'
console.log(name); // -> 'fa-car'
console.log(type); // -> 'font'
```

## Internal Usage

Starting with version 18.1.0 of Ignite UI for Angular, we added a new `setFamily` method that allows us to create a new family of icons in the `iconService` and associate them with a CSS class.

> | Icon Family | Icon Name      | Target Family | Target Name          | Used By                                                 | Theme                     |

Reviewer: At this point we can just drop the first column since it's always default, right?
And potentially rename the entire section to something to do with the default collection or explain that with version 18.1.0 all components internally use references from the `"default"` family.

| default     | functions      | material      | functions            | Grid, Pivot Data Selector                               | All                       |
| combo       | expand         | material      | expand_more          | Combo, Simple Combo, Select                             | Material                  |
| combo       | collapse       | material      | expand_less          | Combo, Simple Combo, Select                             | Material                  |
| combo       | expand         | material      | arrow_drop_down      | Combo, Simple Combo, Select                             | Indigo, Fluent, Bootstrap |
| combo       | collapse       | material      | arrow_drop_up        | Combo, Simple Combo, Select                             | Indigo, Fluent, Bootstrap |
| combo       | case-sensitive | imx-icons     | case-sensitive       | Combo, Simple Combo                                     | All                       |
| tree        | expand         | material      | keyboard_arrow_right | TreeNode                                                | All                       |

> | tree        | collapse       | material      | keyboard_arrow_down  | TreeNode                                                | All                       |

Author: Yes, the tree expand/collapse icons differ greatly from say the expand collapse icons for the expansion panel. The icons in the combo are also different in the sense that they should be different based on the theme, while the "default" expand collapse icons do not differ.

```ts
// The `setIconRef` sets an icon reference in the icon map,
// assuming material and fa-solid have been added as families,
iconService.setIconRef('home', 'my-family', { family: 'material', name: 'home' });
iconService.setIconRef('home-alt', 'my-family', { family: 'fa-solid', name: 'home' });
iconService.setIconRef('car', 'my-family', { family: 'fa-solid', name: 'car' });
```

Later in markup:

```html
<igx-icon family="my-family" name="home"></igx-icon>
<igx-icon family="my-family" name="home-alt"></igx-icon>
<igx-icon family="my-family" name="car"></igx-icon>
```

## Icon Retrieval
It is possible to get an icon for a given `family` and icon `name` in order to read the original icon `type`, `name`, `family`, and `className`.

```ts
const { family, className, name, type } = iconService.getIcon('my-family', 'car');

console.log(family); // -> 'fa-solid'
console.log(className); // -> 'fas'
console.log(name); // -> 'fa-car'
console.log(type); // -> 'font'
```

## Internal Usage

> Starting with version 18.1.0 of Ignite UI for Angular, we added a new `setFamily` method that allows us to create new families of icons in the `iconService` and associate them with CSS classes, types, and even prefixes. Additionally, icons used internally are now all declared by reference in a new `default` family with aliased names (see table bellow).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 18.1.0 of Ignite UI for Angular, we added a new `setFamily` method that allows us to create new families of icons in the Icon Service and associate them with CSS classes, types, and even prefixes. Additionally, icons used internally are now all declared by reference in a new `default` family with aliased names (see table bellow).
```

| selected       | material      | done                 | Grid, Chip, Filtering Row                               | All                         |
| table_rows     | material      | table_rows           | Grid                                                    | All                         |
| today          | material      | today                | Date Picker                                             | All                         |
| view_column    | material      | view_column          | Grid                                                    | All                         |
| visibility     | material      | visibility           | Grid, Excel Style Filtering                             | All                         |
| visibility_off | material      | visibility_off       | Grid, Excel Style Filtering                             | All                         |

To take advantage of changing the internal icons by reference, as opposed to creating custom templates, you can do the following to replace the expand/collapse icons in the combo and select components:

```ts

> setIconRef('input_expand', 'default', {
>     name: 'arrow_downward',
>     family: 'material',
> });
> 
> setIconRef('input_collapse', 'default', {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
iconService.setIconRef('input_expand', 'default', {
    name: 'arrow_downward',
    family: 'material',
});

iconService.setIconRef('input_collapse', 'default', {
```

    name: 'arrow_upward',
    family: 'material',
});
```

> This will set the expand icon to the `chevron_right` ligature from the `material` font family.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will set the expand and collapse icons to the `arrow_downward` and `arrow_upward` ligatures, respectively, from the `material` font family for all combo and select components.
```

| default     | arrow_downward | material      | arrow_downward       | Grid, Excel Style Filtering                             | All                       |
| default     | today          | material      | today                | Date Picker                                             | All                       |
| default     | date_range     | material      | date_range           | Date Range Picker                                       | All                       |

> | default     | expand         | material      | arrow_drop_down      | Grid, TreeNode                                          | All                       |

Reviewer: Um there seem to be two default expand entries, this one with `arrow_drop_down` is the one that doesn't exist in code from what I can see, so the Grid and Tree usage are with `expand_more`.
